Log host ip (#300)
GoSecure/pyrdp: CHANGELOG.adoc

*MITM*

> * PyRDP will log the value of the HOST_IP variable when booting if it exists. You can set it to the IP address of the host running PyRDP. This is mostly helpful when you're using PyRDP in Docker and you want the IP of the Docker host in the logs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* PyRDP will log the value of the `HOST_IP` variable on start if it exists. You can set it to the IP address of the host running PyRDP. This is mostly helpful when you're using PyRDP in Docker and you want the IP of the Docker host in the logs.
```
